README.md, before:

#SR Comp HTTP

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-http.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-http)

A HTTP interface around [SRComp](http://srobo.org/trac/wiki/SRComp), the
fifth round of [Student Robotics](http://srobo.org) competition software.

This repository provides a JSON API to accessing information about the
state of the competition. It is a lightweight [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
application wrapping the [SRComp](https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/comp/srcomp.git)
python APIs to the competition state.

## Usage

Run with `./app.py`.

Test with `./run-tests`.

Developers almost certainly don't want to use this repo directly, and are
instead encouraged to use the [SRComp Dev](https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/comp/srcomp-dev.git)
repo instead. That repo includes (and then serves) most of the clients of
the API, which makes side-by-side development much easier.

## Requirements

* PyYAML
* Flask
* python-dateutil
* simplejson
* nose (for testing)
* mock (for testing)

Don't forget to also check the requirements for SRComp!

Commit message:

Fix #2533: Add info about state caching to the README
This adds a subsection noting that the HTTP layer caches the
compstate information as well as how to trigger a refresh.

Change-Id: I455edaa2ea8364021f84c895d77219306d560a74

README.md, after:

#SR Comp HTTP

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-http.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-http)

A HTTP interface around [SRComp](http://srobo.org/trac/wiki/SRComp), the
fifth round of [Student Robotics](http://srobo.org) competition software.

This repository provides a JSON API to accessing information about the
state of the competition. It is a lightweight [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/)
application wrapping the [SRComp](https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/comp/srcomp.git)
python APIs to the competition state.

## Usage

Run with `./app.py`.

Test with `./run-tests`.

Developers almost certainly don't want to use this repo directly, and are
instead encouraged to use the [SRComp Dev](https://www.studentrobotics.org/cgit/comp/srcomp-dev.git)
repo instead. That repo includes (and then serves) most of the clients of
the API, which makes side-by-side development much easier.

### State Caching

Since loading a given state repo takes a non-trivial amount of time,
this is cached within the Flask application. Updates to the state repo
are not tracked directly, and must be signalled by running the `./update`
script provided.

## Requirements

* PyYAML
* Flask
* python-dateutil
* simplejson
* nose (for testing)
* mock (for testing)

Don't forget to also check the requirements for SRComp!
